There is a lot of kind to choice whitch language we prefere.All of them are differend and similar at the same time.
The most popular languages are Java,C,C#,Python,PHP. Java is the number one programming language today for many reasons,
It is a well-organized language with a strong library of reusable software components.Architectures and operating systems
 because of the use of the JVM( Java virtual machine). Sometimes this is referred to as code portability or even WORA
 ( write once, run anywhere )„C” is a compiled, procedural language developed in 1972 by DennisRitchie for use in the UNIX
operating system. Although designed to beportable in nature, C programs must be specifically compiled for computers with
different architectures and operating systems. This helps make them lightning fast. Although C is a relatively old
language, it is still widely used for system programming, writing other programming languages, and in embedded systems.
The "C" Force is that it is faster, but its weakness is that the memory management can be difficult to master.C# is a 
compiled, object-oriented language written by Microsoft. It is an open specification, but rarely seen on any non-Windows
platform.C# was conceived as Microsoft's premium language in its .NETFramework. It is very similar to Java in both syntax
and nature."C#" Force is that it is powerful and pretty fast, but can only reslly suitable for WindowsPython is 
interpretiruem, interactive, object-oriented programming language created by Guido van Rossum in the early 90s.
Since Python is a language that is interpreted, saving significant development time, since they are not required compiling
and linking (linking) to test an application. Besides being interpretiruem language ideology similar to that of Java,
an application written on it is relatively easy portable to many of the other platformiProgramite written in Python,
are quite compact and readable.PHP uses a run-time interpreter, and is a multi-paradigm language originally developed 
in 1996 by Rasmus Lerdorf to create dynamic web pages. At first it was not even a real programming language, but over
time it eventually grew into a fully featured object-oriented programming language. Although PHP has been much criticized
in the past for being a bit sloppy and insecure, it's been pretty good sinceversion 5 came out in 2004. It's hard to argue
with success. Today,PHP is the most popular language used to write web applications.
